---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

![banff](../images/about-banff.png)
_[Banff, Alberta, Canada](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Sulphur+Mountain+Cosmic+Ray+Station+National+Historic+Site/@51.1485293,-115.5719836,1967m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x5370c9f9d5693577:0x571e2652e7d443f8!8m2!3d51.147152!4d-115.5789178)_

Hello! My name is John Kim and I'm a software engineer currently working at
[Appian](https://www.appian.com/). I grew up in the suburbs of northern Virginia
just outside of Washington D.C. for most of my life. I attended the University
of Virginia and graduated with a B.S. in Computer Science in 2017. I lived in
Salt Lake City, Utah for a period of time after graduating college, but have
since moved back to Virginia.

If you would like to contact me for job opportunities, you can reach me via
email: [jkj7420@gmail.com](mailto:jkj7420@gmail.com).

## Professional

### Appian (2016 - Present)

I interned at [Appian](https://www.appian.com/) in 2016 and came back for a
full-time position the following summer. As an intern, I worked on the mobile
team for iOS and Android. When I came back in 2017, I was first on the DevOps
team to revamp the customer CI/CD process, then on one of the product teams to
add third-party integration support to the Appian platform, and finally on the
infrastructure team to improve the internal engineering developer tools using
AWS.

### Comscore (Summer 2015)

I interned at [Comscore](https://www.comscore.com/) in 2015. This was my first
software engineering internship, and my first actual experience with big data.
My work had to do with aggregating data sets with trillions of entries
containing internet cookies and web browser data, mainly to analyze site
usage patterns and detect non-human traffic.

## Personal

### Mental

My favorite classes in university had to do with compilers, interpreters, and
programming languages/paradigms. I also took several classes in physics and
mathematical analysis (just short of picking up another degree in either,
regrettably). I have interests in history, literature, philosophy, psychology,
environmental science, geography, maps, music theory, and many others.

### Physical

I love feeling free in my body. The best vacations I have are when I exert
myself to full exhaustion instead of relaxing. I like to hike, run, ski, climb,
lift, bike and eat healthy. I'm typically up before sunrise and prefer to be
outdoors over staying inside. I hope to learn how to backcountry ski soon.

![wadi-rum](../images/about-wadi-rum.png)
_[Wadi Rum Desert, Jordan](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Aqaba+Qasabah+District,+Jordan/@29.3926825,35.3449285,12683m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x150089a4c46b87b1:0xf53f25815d7e4eb8!8m2!3d29.5321241!4d35.006355)_
