---
layout: post
title: "Time"
tags: [Personal]
---

![slc](../images/2020-06-13-slc.png)
_Picture taken on the snowy summit of [Mt
Olympus](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Mt+Olympus/@40.6416252,-112.007876,54401m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x8752638dcfbec3b9:0xf2f8b6ccffdb99bc!8m2!3d40.6566144!4d-111.7710429), overlooking Salt Lake City, UT._

It's been several months now since I've moved back to Virginia. I've had the
great fortune of working remotely for my company in Salt Lake City - before
it was cool for everyone else to do so. It's a beautiful place and I am truly
grateful for the amount of raw nature that I experienced there.

A great misfortune is upon us now, and as cliche as it sounds, it's more
important than ever before to reconsider and decide our fate. To figure out what
we value and where we're heading, both as a society and as an individual. Not
that we weren't able to do this before, but I suspect the coming months and
years will excaberate this trajectory, on matters like the anti-science
sentiment, the stratification of wealth, the automation of jobs, and on and on
and on and on.. Lenin famously said:
> There are decades where nothing happens; and there are weeks where decades
happen.

<!--more-->

It's inconceivably difficult to change society as one person, and downright
disappointing to do most of the time. What we absolutely do have is control over
is ourselves. I'm beginning to see the positive side of the situation: while the
world is in stasis, I have time to correct course and start today. I do think
that we have the _potential_ to come out of this scenario better than we came
into it. It goes without saying that I have a ton of privilege to be in a state
where I can seek some personal growth largely unscathed by the coronavirus
pandemic.

I believe the biggest truths in life come packaged to us in the form of banal
platitudes, so I figured I would throw my own hat in the ring. Here's what comes
to mind:
> Do your absolute damndest to live without regrets, but realize that you may
always be haunted some; reflect on but let go from them. Be kind, for you don't
know what someone's soul has or will have to endure. Make good health a
priority. Take [calculated] risks. Ask out that girl or boy you always wanted to
date. Stay true to yourself. Have _fun_. Experience the wonders of nature; you
are not a brain in a vat. Accept what you cannot change. Forgive yourself; past
you knew way less than present you. Keep your friends and family close. Hug your
mother and tell her you love her. Time is fleeting..

![dog](../images/2020-06-13-dog.png)
